---
Date: 2024-09-23
Reviewed: true
---
## Vocabulary:

- ==Hens==: Poules
- ==Acres:== Hectar

x

> For every 100 calories of grain we feed animals, we get only about 40 new calories of milk, 22 calories of eggs, 12 of chicken, 10 of pork, or 3 of beef. - National Geographic

  

Aquaculture:

- Pro: Raising fish cost a lot less in animals food than others animals (like chickens, pigs and cattle).
- Con: Depending of the environement, fish raising can engender a lot of pollution in the seas / lakes due to fishs wastes.
- Con: Feading “mostly liked” fish (salmon) use a lot of other fish, which are obtained by foraging. Get resources at the bottom of the food chain soud like an ecological insanity !
    - Still, most of these fishes are fed with vegetarian product (90%), with a lot of nutriment they usualy need from fish.
- Pro: Farming shellfish use near to no nutriment in order to feed the farm and produce hight protein for low price.
- Pro: Kelp farm, kelp can grow up yo 5 inch a day, even in winter, growing in water it’s a sustainable vegetable that need no fresh water, no fertilizer, no pesticides.

  

Farm implentation in Africa

- Con: Lots of peoples are loosing there lands to the profit of others
- Pro: Economie of contries are growing, debts are declining, more and more peoples have now acces to educations, roads and electrical powering.

  

Lab made meat:

- Pro: Can ensure meat production without pulution, platrics and animals violences.
- Con: Uses animal blood to feed the cells that grow.
- Con: The process is very expensive, and may not be as ecological as we can think, maybe as bad as classical meat production
    - Still without animal suffering

  

“Vegetable made” meat:

- Pro: Diminution of CO2 production (14.5% of the total amout of CO2 produced come from animal farm) vegetable meat assure:
    - 90% less CO2 for beef
    - 63% less for porc
    - 51% less for ficheck

  

  

## For:

  

## Against:

  

## Notes: