---
Date: 2024-10-14
Reviewed: false
---
Shall we experiment on animals

- ==No==: 90% of experiments made on animals result on a fail when the change for human body is made
- ==No==: Humans and animals are differents, working on animals is not relevant of human body. We could spend the money we do for animaks experiment on human more precise rechearche for disease. (Example: we cured cancer on rat)
- ==No==: It’s unethical, using millions of animals, suffering, since we would not do it on human, is unethical.
- ==No==: Animals free solution are curretly developped to stop animal violence. we could stop spending money on animals to invest these rechearch.
- ==Yes==: Using animals is a good way of researching solutions of well known desease. Experiments made on animas cannot be made on humans, like breeding them to select specific genes. Using animals can improve our knowledge oh there behavior and medecine.
- ==Yes==: animals and humans are more similar than we think, since we don’t know how to solve a biological problem, using animal is as good as a human body can be.
- ==Yes==: Animals testing is reducing by time, beiing more and more completed by others methodes like (Computer modeling, in vitro testing etc…) but animals have to still a way of testing in order to guaranty efficacity.
- ==Yes==: A Harm-Benefit analysis is made for every action made on animals. If the pain / suffering of the animals is too high, we look for other solution, if there’s not, the animal is humanely euthanized before the experiment.